[Music]
tales told by those who traveled with
David confirm that vanity is not one of
his vices I ended up sharing a tent with
David which incidentally I hadn't a clue
how to put up but he put it up and they
used to sweep it out in the morning I
used to stand there thinking Custance as
the guy used to be managing director at
the BBC
you know he's sweeping out my tent we
did one trip in Virginia and he was
wading around in a swamp up his midriff
and we finished that went to the airport
and then me and him flew to New York him
stood on his swamp trousers given three
cases to carry he will always pick the
heaviest and we're all running around
like little hens around a rooster trying
to stop him you know doing some damage
to himself by picking up the heaviest
case his suitcase would go for a high
price in the Antiques Roadshow I mean
it's the most ancient battered held
together with camera tape Errol died and
he will not give it up his trousers
they've done a few series they're met
when I was filming in Borneo the bottom
of his trousers were all frayed and
Vanessa said look we can't have you with
those freight trains wrong with him I've
worn them for years and quite often
before I take you say old David think I
ought to just smooth your hair down and
maybe tuck the shirt in he's always got
a few wine stains and food stains on his
shirt but I think that's what makes him
human he was always a mess I mean if you
look at the pictures I'm rather over the
sort of dapper and Dave with his socks
down over his shoes and his trousers
splitting and his shirt filthy dirty he
doesn't smell
I mean he's quite pleasant they're quite
clean but he doesn't give her down
David favors a wardrobe of sturdy
predictability regulation blue shirt and
trusty beige trousers people say why do
you always wear the same thing
there's a very practical reasons one of
it of course is enables you in terms of
continuity to cut things together so
that stuff you shot two years ago if you
really wanted to stick another thing in
you could you can put the two together
and nobody would know the difference but
the other important thing as far as I'm
concerned it seems to me that if you
change your costume and wear I don't
know some kind of you know I don't know
some fashionable thing people say why is
he why has he done that is it trying to
tell us something I mean as the climate
changed or you know I mean what's he
trying to do so you are asking for
attention away from what it is you're
trying to talk about so it's much better
that the narrator should always have the
same thing so you don't have some of
these suddenly appears in the funny hat
or you know with a feather boa
you